I'll give you a Bible on Sundays happy
everyday Babu everything but you don't
read any enough oh come on a Bible when
they see you already know do is they
always think you have ass on your exam
that's what it works so majority always
we also believe that it is when you are
the sound that you love to eat in a
country where when you in an educational
debates we are given hundred thousand
era wasn't even a dancing competition or
a singing competition now giving ten
million era our youth and not Jim judge
to read anymore the one student asked to
dance they want to learn how to sing so
at least they can win as hundred million
era bargains action and generosity
why do Nigerians have very lazy reading
culture our was the last time they ready
join me the last time you read any book
ah so why don't miss it is now yeah what
said visiting is visiting ready to any
book a talk unless we battle no
affirmative our cause has been a long
time like
three months one year I hope to you also
yeah what are those
you've not like anybody so you didn't
meet any vocal tract a boots why
I'm always busy
yes tonight and I'm inimical of
tyrannical our Jimerson yes always
written what kind of the academic sushi
news yeah
last month was the site without people
for
while the book about
this children's book I forgive you too
mr. Buffett if he needs to go up was I
changed because it was kind of learned
did you get off already 50 pages I say
sweetie for sure first four pages and
Legos have a lot of pressure a lot of
stress but by the time you go through
the hassle on the day in the day will
come back you might not have the time
that I try to make our time to read
actually I can say yesterday
what would you give it that would be a
book on public administration your -
yeah no no no yeah yeah it's not
possible
let's say three or four days do you
afford is a Madrid often yes my kind of
job I keep reading
so most time audits in books
oh yeah why do you think engines don't
have good reading culture a number one
our environments me Jimmy Denver my play
which I know it's determine if the and
anybody's conducive for you know did you
find time to eat both know life stuff
like that everywhere to you can read
proud I traffic you can't even think
about it about you know I think one is
that majority is being carried away by
the social activities within the
environment once people that likes going
to party going here and there
along with it so reading they don't take
it as habits maybe as a result of the
the type of work we engage ourselves in
clothes very good we leave the house
very early because of the economic
situation they are very early come back
to later tonight you are already tired
with so many things to think of I will
ascribe it to leadership what I mean by
leadership you know the kind of things
they see in the society we are media
critic is emphasizing sort of in our
marriage so could you imagine when
somebody has spent years in school and
comes out there's no motivation for
people to reach it has once said as
people keeps on a become a bloodbath
reading a book do not even enjoy as an
African problem it's a problem most
black will find difficult reading so you
can't know the Nigerians for know
reading we are all blocks is a
continental of them my name is I do like
this one please read a book today and
this is possible